hello this is gamegame.ru Vasily Karerov
and I just left the presentation
anno 2205 in its new round series
went further the future regarding anno
well and in wider and very much swelled to us
on e3 showed only one zone on earth
it was such typical forest zones and
fields here and one zone on the moon
here at games the fireplace showed the third
zone this zone in the arctic where the eternal
frost and snow
and in general it was very cold
quite scale in terms of development on
your settlement or state before
it was just one card now it
several regions connected between
by yourself and by trade routes that is you
you can jump between them
there on the moon to land there in the arctic and so
further it is very similar to the last
simcity where there were several cities like
agglomeration such and on each zone
some their own task structure their
complexity that is if on earth for example
well, the usual we just need to
develop your city and try so
so that all residents are satisfied then
Arctic areas need to extract heat and
to build a residential area just in front
such normal power plants to
the scientists did not freeze us on the moon
need to reflect
meteor fall some rain well
generally protect their settlers very
such an aggressive zone plus separately
there were combat missions that is to
urban planning locations we have no battles
happens there are separate missions where we are
manage only combat units and we
there is some definite task
which must be done for it give
very many good and unique
resources so do them all the same
well, and in general the game looks very
beautiful every ozone is really
looks different from there
these are all working in their little factory
here and cars walking people over there
then somehow moves moves in general
a lot of details are very beautiful and i
I think that all lovers of such here
anno 2205 peace strategies worth the wait
because the settlers and whom in the past
year we were shown this time not
brought and generally it is not clear what happened to them
happens in general on this it was all
specifically for stopgame.ru